Add NYT Games documentation (#34868)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/nyt_games.markdown

---
title: NYT Games
description: Instructions on how to setup NYT Games in Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Sensor
ha_config_flow: true
ha_release: "2024.10"
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_codeowners:
  - '@joostlek'
ha_domain: nyt_games
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
---

> The [NYT Games](https://www.nytimes.com/crosswords) integration will fetch data about your progress on their daily puzzles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [NYT Games](https://www.nytimes.com/crosswords) integration fetches data about your progress on their daily puzzles.
```

> ## Pre-requisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

> To setup the integration you need to first fetch the token from the dev tools of your browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before setting up the integration, you need to fetch the token from the dev tools of your browser.
```

> 1. Navigate to [NYT Games](https://www.nytimes.com/crosswords) on your computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On your computer, go to [NYT Games](https://www.nytimes.com/crosswords).
```

2. Login with your account.

> 3. Open the developer tools via right click or by pressing F12.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Open the developer tools via right-click or by pressing F12.
```

> 4. Navigate to the network tab and refresh the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Open the network tab and refresh the page.
```

> 5. Click on a request with `.json` in the name and navigate to the cookie tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Select a request with `.json` in the name and go to the cookie tab.
```
